dnaro weekly 2021-03-11 (#50)
jbossorg/jbossorg.github.io: src/content/posts/weekly-2021-03-11.adoc

Hello! Welcome to another edition of the JBoss Editorial that brings you news and updates from our community.

== Release roundup

Let's start things off with congrats to all the teams on all their hard work!

[square]
* link:https://quarkus.io/blog/quarkus-1-12-1-final-released/[Quarkus 1.12.1.Final] is out with bug fixes and documentation improvements.
* link:https://vertx.io/blog/eclipse-vert-x-3-9-6[Eclipse Vert.x 3.9.6] is now available and delivers several bug fixes.
* link:https://www.keycloak.org/2021/03/keycloak-1204-released[Keycloak 12.0.4] is also released. Go check out their blog for full details.

== From the community

There's been a lot of activity since the last editorial so let's take a look.

First up is Ramon Gordillo's rather interesting take on moving legacy technology on Kubernetes.
Ramon starts by pointing out that even software that is considered "legacy" and traditionally on-prem is often packed with new and useful features.
Add to that the fact that many containerized applications still rely on legacy systems - "not all apps are greenfield" - and he builds a solid case for doing something that might otherwise induce a few gasps.

> Go see how Ramon tackles running IBM DB2 on containers in his post, link:https://blog.ramon-gordillo.dev/2021/03/trying-db2-in-kubernetes-for-developers/[Trying DB2 in Kubernetes for developers].

Author: ```suggestion
Go see how Ramon tackles running IBM DB2 in containers, link:https://blog.ramon-gordillo.dev/2021/03/trying-db2-in-kubernetes-for-developers/[Trying DB2 in Kubernetes for developers].
```

link:https://blog.kie.org/2021/02/migrating-jbpm-images-secured-by-ldap-to-elytron.html[Migrating jBPM images secured by LDAP to Elytron] by Gonzalo Muñoz Fernández is one that I thoroughly enjoyed.
If you're not familiar with Elytron it is, as Gonzalo explains, Wildfly's security framework that puts security management and application access into a single subsystem.
In his post, Gonzalo clearly describes and then steps through how to migrate jBPM images from PicketBox, which is a security subsystem based on JAAS login modules, over to Elytron.

Also on the Kogito blog, Paul Brown and Emily Murphy take on the challenge of link:https://blog.kie.org/2021/03/optimizing-covid-19-vaccination-appointment-scheduling.html[Optimizing COVID-19 vaccination appointment scheduling].
Their post details the approach for using OptaPlanner to handle planning constraints and automatically assign vaccination appointments.
Getting vaccinations rolled out globally is a massive logistical and planning challenge so it's comforting to know our community is providing tooling to get us all back to "normal".

> Over on the Red Hat Developer blog there are a couple of posts focused on JavaScript that I enjoyed.

Author: ```suggestion
The Red Hat Developer blog has a couple of recent entries focused on JavaScript that are both good reads.
```
